Hey, guys, welcome back.
So this is one of the questions that are commonly asked in Amazon quoting interview and I will be writing
this code in JavaScript because I want to focus on web development of coding rooms.
So this question is about the longest common prefix.
And we want to write a function to find the longest common prefix string amongst an array of strings.
So what will be given is a area of multiple strings and if there is no common prefix, so return an
empty string.
So let's look at this, an example, this input we're given, flower flow and flight.
And the most common prefix is F, as you can see here.
We want to note that all given inputs are in lowercase letters, A to Z.
So we don't have to worry about lowercase an uppercase.
OK, let's get on to Cody.
OK, first, we want to have a couple of variables, so let's do this the longest.
Prefix.
Equal and empty strength.
So we're going to use this to keep track of common prefixes, we will insert every common prefix we
find into this variable.
Second, to create that first string equal.
Strings zero index.
So if the purse strings characters are not in the other strings, then there's no common prefix.
That's why we are going to compare the first string to all the other strings.
But first string index equals zero.
So we're going to use this to keep track of which letter we are on of the first drink while we loop
through the rest of the drinks.
Extreme Stotland is equal to zero.
And we want to return the longest prefix.
So if the value given to our function contains zero strings, we would just return zero for the longest
prefix because there is nothing to compare.
So now we will look to first and compare the letters of the first string, one by one with the other
strings letters, so we do this by doing a four or let's compare.
Letter.
Of Bursten.
So we're going to get the letter one by one from the first round here.
Then we're going to create a loop which will look through all of the other strengths and we will start
with the index of one.
Let me show you right here.
So for that, I equal one.
I is less than strength's, so I'm plus plus so we can iterate through it for.
We will start with the index one, because the first string is used for comparing with the rest of the
street, so we will exclude the first string.
So we are on the first train right here and we want to use it to compare with the rest of the streams
so we will exclude the first drink and then use the second stream.
So let's say.
We are given this screen right here.
Flower, slow flight, right?
So.
We will start the flow because flour is the comparison.
So that's why we're starting with the index of one.
OK, so next, we want to save the street.
We are on in a in a variable.
So we'll call this current work.
So this is the current word on the next.
So let's get the current word letter at the first string's index.
So let me show you.
We're going to get the current word letter at the purse strings index, so the purse strings index.
So we can compare the first words letter with the current words that are using the static index, we
have a.
So both words are on and that are based on this index.
OK, so next, we want to create a statement and compare the current letter with the first indexed letter
and see if any of them are incorrect and just return the longest prefix.
So let me just show you.
So if.
String index.
Is greater than current.
Current world index.
Current, fraudulent.
OK, then we would just return.
The longest prefix.
Which we have collected so far.
So if the first string index is greater than the current words Lent, then you just want to return the
longest prefix.
So let's say we are comparing flower with flow.
So I'm here for you.
So flour was flow so low as f l o w and that would be the common prefix between these two.
OK, but if we were on E, we're here.
Then the index is four, but flow only contains up to the three index, so there's nothing left to compare
and that's why we're going to return the longest prefix.
OK, next, we'll add one more.
So or comfier?
Is not equal to current letter.
Let me break this down.
So what this is trying to say is if the company letter does not equal the current budget, then we should
return the longest prefix.
So if our compare with flight.
Right.
So flight.
And Flower have common and.
If they if we land on the eye of the flight, then there's then it's not common and we just want to
return what we have so far in the longest prefix.
OK, so if we still have a common prefix and the first word is not longer than the current word, then
we add the compare letter to the longest prefix variable and increase the first string index so we can
check that the next character of the first string with a with the rest of the strings, meaning we are
on F of the first word on the first string and now we will move to El.
Until the whole street is complete, so let's say we're comparing flour because the first.
So we're going to do is after this.
We're going to implement the longest.
Prefix.
Actually, what we're going to do is implement the first string index.
Because we want to move to the next letter in the stream to compare with the rest of the strings, and
if we have gone to this statement and we have not returned the longest prefix, that means that we still
have a common prefix.
So we're going to add it to the longest prefix.
And we're going to add the compare later, because it's still common.
So next, we just want to return whatever we have in the longest prefix.
And we want to return his drink, so we'll just return the longest prefix and, you know, because we're
returning this at the end, because it is possible that all strains or common prefix.
So we need to return to the longest prefix in that scenario.
So example, Apple, Apple, Apple will not be returned in the above return statement right here, because
all the letters are a common prefix.
So we must in the end, return the longest prefix right here.
Also, there could be a scenario that we receive an empty string area with an empty string.
So at that at that point, we'll also have to return the longest pieces right here.
So there was something that was wrong with it when I ran it earlier, and it looks like Estie Press
was written incorrectly like this, so I fixed it.
And also this was inside the for loop, but it should be inside the second floor loop, but it should
be inside of the first floor because.
We will go through this loop and then what's going to happen is we're going to add the company letter
so long as prefix and we're going to implement the first string index, so.
It should be outside of this second.
Let me run the code.
And it's accepted, so the common prefix is spelled.
And that's what's that's what's written and that's what's expected.
This is all for now, let me know if you have any questions and join me on the next one.
Good luck.